# Landing Pages
From here you are able to sign-up, login or browse any of the other public sections. These pages are visible to anyone visiting the site so not everything will be displayed. If you want to learn more about items such as courses, events or institutions clicking them will request you to log in.

## Home
This is the entry point for anyone visiting CNC and contains public information about the CIRTL Network.

On this initial landing page you can see recent news items as well as the most recent upcoming cross-Network events within the system. Clicking on anything for more information will request you to login and redirect you to that item.

## About Us
About Us is the section to find out more information about members and institutions within the CIRTL Network. Within this section there are also sub categories available on the left hand side.

The categories must be manually maintained but the content for these pages are accessible by CIRTL Central to manage.

### About CIRTL 
About CIRTL is the default page when entering [About Us](#about-us). Here you will find out who the CIRTL Network are and their mission.

### Institutions
Institutions page displays a map of the CIRTL Network community around the United States as well as a listing of all member institutions. To find out more about a specific Institution click on the tile and log in to redirect to that Institution within the system.

### Core Ideas
Core Ideas page displays a quick blurb about the CIRTL Network core ideas as well as linking to each Core Idea for more information.

The initial page is an aggregate list of pages in the `core ideas` section with a blurb as the summary, the content of these pages are maintained by CIRTL Central.

### Learning Outcomes
Learning Outcomes page explains some of the core tenants of the CIRTL Network process. This pages details what each learning outcome is through the differently level and why they are an effective tool.

This page is maintained by CIRTL Central.

### Network Leaders
Network Leaders is the page where you can find out who is the leader for each Institution within the CIRTL Network as well as relevant contact information.

This page is maintained by CIRTL Central.

## News & Announcements
News and Announcements displays all public pages that CIRTL Central has created to inform people about what is happening in the CIRTL Network.

## Events
Public events section will display upcoming cross-Network event sessions. The list is sorted by their individual session start times, as each tile displays basic information about the course in question.

This list is automatically generated by current events in the system.

## Resources
Resources will display all the resources that have been uploaded into the CIRTL Network Commons and be filterable much in the same way as within the system. You can only see the base level information of the resource, trying to access them will request you to log in.

## More
More is the index for all other public pages that CIRTL has published. These pages are maintained by CIRTL Central and may be categorized into a number of sub-sections. Click the link to these pages will bring you to their content. This is the same functionality as within the system as well.